hi I'm Justin with americanmuscle.com
and I'm checking out raxiom's chrome and
smoke projector headlights equipped with
halo accent light fitting all 94-98
Mustangs raxiom is currently the
industry leader in producing a wide
variety of cool and stylish lighting for
your mustang all backed by a full two
year warranty
these lights from raxiom are definitely
for the sn95 owner out there who enjoys
more of an aftermarket type of look now
these lights have been designed to
replace the two-piece factory lights
using a sleek one-piece housing
available in your choice of either
smoked or from taking a closer look at
the smoked option here in our 98 GT you
can see they achieve that aggressive
appearance by pairing a black housing
with a dark smoked lens on the other
hand the chrome option achieves that
bright clean look by utilizing a chrome
housing along with a crystal clear lens
as for that more aftermarket type of
look I just mentioned well you can see
why for one these lights feature a more
modern projector style light which
besides looking cool is going to produce
a brighter more focused beam of light to
further increase the modern styling
raxiom has also included some very cool
halo accent lighting which surrounds the
projector itself now when the total
package is in action it definitely gives
the front end a very unique look to say
the least
these lights do include both 9005 bulbs
for your high beams and h3 bulbs for
your low beams along with the quick
splice connectors needed for the install
speaking of the installation you will
need to wire in the Halos and accent
lighting to your cars parking lights
either using the supplied quick splice
connectors or a soldering iron
other than that
everything else is completely plug and
play and should only take you about an
hour from start to finish
whether you're into the bright clean
styling of the chrome housing or the
more sinister look of the smoked one
thing is for sure these lights from
raxiom will alter the attitude of any
sn95 and they can be found right here at
americanmuscle.com
you